Keepers of Creation is a single-player exploration-survival game set a thousand years ago in the Appalachian Mountains.  You take control of a person alone in the forest.  You must learn to survive using only what you can harvest from the land.  As players progress, they develop the ability to make shelter, clothing, tools, and more.

Keepers of Creation uses complex simulations of human anatomy, animal behaviour, weather, and physics to drive its world.  These elements blend together seamlessly until what is left feels like a natural environment.  Every bite of food a player eats, each minute they sleep, and each breath that they take affects to their ability to move, sense, and survive in their environment.

Players will need to learn strategies of navigation, hunting, tracking, foraging, crafting, and survival from the traditions of the region's native peoples.  As players discover indigenous creativity and ingenuity from the past, they will also be introduced to the Native craftspeople and artists who helped to design the game.  Special attention is paid to connect each design, tool, and technique to the tribal nations who practiced it and the artists who helped create it.

Keepers of Creation will be introduced to the world via Steam's Early Access program in 2022.  Players will have the opportunity to come alongside Appalachia Interactive and help shape the future of the game.  Throughout the game's development, Appalachia Interactive will be seeking constant feedback from Native nations and people about how to best represent their history and culture.  Indigenous players will have an unprecedented opportunity to make their voice heard, as Keepers of Creation will be offered as pay-what-you-choose for players from all Indigenous nations around the world.